The Project Library Management System contains three different modules.
		
•	We can add new books, see the list of added books and search a particular book.
•	Similarly, we can add new students, view the list of all added students with their course details and view a single student.
•	The main module in the project is the Library module.
- We can sell Media to a student or issue only two books to a student.
- The issued period is for twenty days. So within twenty days, the student should return the book or can extend further for a period of twenty days. If neither returned nor extended, a fine of SR.1/day is collected on the day of return.


The menu will be something like this: 

1.	ADD NEW BOOK.
2.	VIEW ALL BOOK DETAILS.
3.	SEARCH A BOOK.
4.	ADD NEW STUDENT.
5.	DISPLAY ALL STUDENT DETAILS. 
6.	VIEW A STUDENT. 
7.	Borrow BOOK.
8.	RETURN BOOK.
9.	EXIT.	












Problem Description (1)

The system should keep information about Students .For a student; her ID, which is automatically generated by the system, name and department name, must be stored.



Task A

Write a student class, which holds information about students including their ID (Integer and will be automatically generated), name (string), department’s name (string). The class should contain both default and parameterized constructor, set/get methods for each attribute, and two methods, the first one is to add new student and the other is to display the details of the students. (NOTE: prompt the user that the Maximum books allowed for a student to issue is 2)



Task B

Create a header file for the class Media and class date, which contains the following header, and then write its implementation file.

#ifndef MEDIA_H
#define MEDIA_H

#include <string>
#include "Student.h"
#include "Date.h"
class Media
{
private:
	string name;
	string ISBN;
	const int NoOfCopies;
	int CopiesAvailable;
	Student Borrower[2];
	Date BorrowDate[2];
public:
	Media(void);
	Media(string,string,int,Student[],Date[]);
	void Borrow(void); // fills the student entry, and BorrowDate
	//// updates NoOfCopies and increases student datamember 'NoOfBorrowedBooks'
// only 2 copies of a certain book are allowed to be borrowed
	

	void Return(void);
 // empties the student entry, then shift student array to compact it
 // and the same for BorrowDate
//updates NoOfCopies and decreases student datamember 'NoOfBorrowedBooks'
	

	void PrintInfo(void);
// displays all object information and must contain of students who borrowed it with dates

};
#endif

#ifndef DATE_H
#define DATE_H

using namespace std;

class Date{
	int day;
	int month;
	int year;
public:
	Date(int=1 , int= 1 , int = 1990);
	void setDay(int);
	void setMonth(int);
	void setYear(int);
	int getDay();
	int getMonth();
	int getYear();
	void printDate();
};//end class Date

#endif




(Note: Add a data member to the Student class called “NoOfBorrowedBooks” (integer) to count how many books borrowed by the student.)

